README.md, before:

# weather-dashboard

## Description

This project demonstrates the implementation of an API, specifically the Open Weather API.  The API is fetched with certain parameters to allow the user to receive a weather forecast.  The user is able to search for any city in the search bar and the city name, date, temperature, wind, and humidity will be displayed.  In addition, a 5-day forecast will be generated.  The user's search history is stored in localstorage and retrieved to be accessed on the left side of the app.  The user's search history can also be cleared by utilizing the "clear search results" button.  

## Installation

This application can be accessed by opening the index.html file that is located in the respository on a web browser or clicking on: https://erickim86.github.io/weather-dashboard/

## Usage

Weather Dashboard: <br>
<img src="https://github.com/EricKim86/weather-dashboard/blob/main/assets/images/website.png?raw=true" height="500" width="1100"/><br/>

## Credits

The cloud image was provided by unsplash.com, credit to Billy Huyng (https://unsplash.com/@billy_huy).

## How to Contribute

If you would like to contribute to this or future projects, please contact me at erickimek86@gmail.com

Commit message:

added new background image and updated README

README.md, after:

# weather-dashboard

## Description

This project demonstrates the implementation of an API, specifically the Open Weather API.  The API is fetched with certain parameters to allow the user to receive a weather forecast.  The user is able to search for any city in the search bar and the city name, date, temperature, wind, and humidity will be displayed.  In addition, a 5-day forecast will be generated.  The user's search history is stored in localstorage and retrieved to be accessed on the left side of the app.  The user's search history can also be cleared by utilizing the "clear search results" button.  

## Installation

This application can be accessed by opening the index.html file that is located in the respository on a web browser or clicking on: https://erickim86.github.io/weather-dashboard/

## Usage

Weather Dashboard: <br>
<img src="https://github.com/EricKim86/weather-dashboard/blob/main/assets/images/website.png?raw=true" height="500" width="1100"/><br/>

## Credits

The cloud image in primary weather display was provided by unsplash.com, credit to Billy Huyng (https://unsplash.com/@billy_huy).<br/>
Background image was provided by unsplash.com, credit to Sam Schooler (https://unsplash.com/@sam).

## How to Contribute

If you would like to contribute to this or future projects, please contact me at erickimek86@gmail.com
